[{"client_msg_id":"f47659a3-0fce-4cb5-9d1d-60a43303f0f2","type":"message","user":"U016TGT4S3D","text":"My pleasure. Im available anytime if you all would like to have a call and discuss things further. I think we could do something great together and looking forward to seeing it happen, if its possible","ts":"1611653749.045200","team":"T03C4RC8V","reactions":[{"name":"+1","count":1,"users":["U06BRP8VD"]}],"replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"QpK"}]},{"client_msg_id":"64a3c2f5-164e-4ffc-804b-0668fef42825","type":"message","user":"U06BRP8VD","text":"great. thank you so much.","ts":"1611652924.044200","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"wBJ/v"}]},{"client_msg_id":"155f19ed-c105-4119-9e60-944c2a5fc794","type":"message","user":"U016TGT4S3D","text":"1. I think its appropriate for everyone to have their opinion and be able to express it, however I dont think its appropriate for people to present one idea for their presentation (which is what we recieved) and then to, suddenly like switch their presentation and present something else) which is what happened. If we had been told upfront what the lecture was going to be about then we would have been able to decide as a group if we felt it was the right content for the event. \n2. The original description of the presentation was not what was actually presented and the original idea was indeed something interesting to our audience (How to move from working with Vim for 20yrs to using NeoVim)\n3. We plan to adopt a speaker code of conduct and lecture guidelines which all speakers will need to accept and to provide us with their slides and presentation before the conference in order for us to see / approve.\n4. If something would happen again (That after a speaker agrees to our T\u0026amp;Cs for speakers and presents to us their presentation) and they then live decide to present something else, we would likely pause and explain to the audience that whats being shown is according to the original plan and we need to address it","ts":"1611652608.043800","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"DAAF"}]},{"client_msg_id":"ac5d4125-d3a7-4bbd-9a26-ca8770eee02a","type":"message","user":"U016TGT4S3D","text":"Hi Koran, nice to e-meet you :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1611652360.038900","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"WkIF2"}]},{"client_msg_id":"049ba443-17d7-4b14-8f67-c91eb9cf62b9","type":"message","user":"U06BRP8VD","text":"\u003c@U016TGT4S3D\u003e\n\nI want you to answer below questions before start to think about collaboration with vimconf.live, as VimConf Japan Director.\nWe consider these answers of questions are very important.\nVimConf Japan is sponsored by many companies and individuals, so we must be socially right.\nPlease check our CoC \u003chttps://vimconf.org/coc/\u003e also.\n\n1. Do you think that talk wasn't appropriate for vimconf.live?\n   (I hope so strongly. If answer was yes, please answer following questions)\n2. Why was that talk adopted in vimconf.live 2020?\n3. How to prevent similar cases in further conferences?\n   (If no reviews in vimconf.live 2020, it is enough that doing review for 2021, I think)\n4. What would you do if a similar case happen?\n   (Case of speakers changed contents after review and it included some BAD)","ts":"1611650580.038600","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"CaXt"}]},{"client_msg_id":"1187fd0b-2567-443a-b315-9d9e270cf0f9","type":"message","user":"U016TGT4S3D","text":"Hi guys! :clap: \u003c@U03C4RC8X\u003e thanks for grouping me in here to the details! We're excited about the idea of collaborating for a conference in 2021 if everyone thinks it will be fun.\n\n• Regarding this point: \"*The failure to prevent \"Putting the Neo in NeoVim\" talk at vimconf.live is the biggest concern for the merge (TODO: insert details. e.g. CoC)*\". We learned a lesson for 2021 that all presentations will be submitted before the conference in order for our team to review etc.\n","ts":"1611648200.038400","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"YsAu="}]},{"client_msg_id":"51ac923a-0c02-4bf3-acaa-2999b091805f","type":"message","user":"U03C6TEAZ","text":"まじマージ","ts":"1611640102.034800","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"VgZ"}]},{"client_msg_id":"841c9454-81d3-4594-b13c-2844080b2039","type":"message","user":"U03C4RC8X","text":"^ \u003c@U06BRP8VD\u003e hmm I don't remember very well about the concern about Maria's talk. For example what do we expect when it happens?","ts":"1611637443.034500","thread_ts":"1611637443.034500","reply_count":1,"team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"/9oiw"}]},{"client_msg_id":"a3b56eb4-00c9-42fe-8587-10235b384af3","type":"message","user":"U03C4RC8X","text":"Summary of current status\n\n• VimConf has been running since 2013 as an international Vim conference\n• There's no VimConf 2020. It was been cancelled due to COVID-19. We weren't ready to hold an alternative official online event.\n• Another new conference, vimconf.live by \u003c@U016TGT4S3D\u003e, has been successfully done in 2020 instead.\n• There's no set plans for VimConf 2021 yet.\n• VimConf 2021 venue in Akihabara, Tokyo can be available, but its after party won't be available.\n• I think either VimConf 2021 can merge vimconf.live staff, vimconf.live staff can merge VimConf 2021 staff, or merge both events into one\n• The failure to prevent \"Putting the Neo in NeoVim\" talk at vimconf.live is the biggest concern for the merge (TODO: insert details. e.g. CoC)","ts":"1611637388.033500","team":"T03C4RC8V","reactions":[{"name":"bangbang","count":2,"users":["U80CX6XDZ","U7JL1UKKL"]}],"replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"qD3R"}]},{"client_msg_id":"3317e32d-610a-4db7-b1d3-9f200b051ea6","type":"message","user":"U03C4RC8X","text":"さて予告してたやつ書くか","ts":"1611636534.025500","team":"T03C4RC8V","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"07ni"}]},{"type":"message","user":"U7PSKD0S3","text":"\u003c@U7PSKD0S3\u003e has left the channel","ts":"1611631408.025300","subtype":"channel_leave","replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":null},{"client_msg_id":"f454d5a9-a739-44c9-bbe2-ed520532365d","type":"message","user":"U06BRP8VD","text":"i didn't check the talk also, but i hear that it blamed a person and many ppls felt \"i don't want to continue to listen the talk\".","ts":"1611641022.034900","thread_ts":"1611637443.034500","edited":{"user":"U06BRP8VD","ts":"1611641077.000000"},"parent_user_id":"U03C4RC8X","team":"T03C4RC8V","reactions":[{"name":"+1","count":1,"users":["U03C4RC8X"]}],"replace_original":false,"delete_original":false,"blocks":[{"type":"rich_text","block_id":"Jgi"}]}]
